Cloud January release notes (#12669)
cockroachdb/docs: releases/cockroachcloud-01102022.md

---
title: What's New in CockroachDB Cloud
toc: true
summary: Additions and changes in CockroachDB Cloud since December 6, 2021
---

## January 10, 2022

Get future release notes emailed to you:

{% include marketo.html %}

### General changes

- New {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} clusters will now run [v21.2.3](v21.2.3.html).
- {{ site.data.products.serverless }} clusters will now run CockroachDB [v21.2.0-beta.4](v21.2.0-beta.4.html).

> - The CockroachDB Docs navigation is now organized by user tasks instead of by product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The CockroachDB documentation navigation is now organized by user task instead of by product for CockroachDB Serverless, CockroachDB Dedicated, and CockroachDB Self-Hosted v21.2. Topics specific to Serverless and Dedicated clusters are within the new top-level user task categories. CockroachDB Cloud release notes are under Reference.
```
